[Identity] Send user-assigned managed identity ID as 'clientid' with no '_' (#6134)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 1.0.1 - Coming Soon

> - Fixed an issue that occurs when using a user-assigned managed identity with `ManagedIdentityCredential` ([PR #6134](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/6134))

Reviewer: "Fixed an issue that occurs when something is used". Great, but what is the issue? :)

Can we pick things up from your PR description?

```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where an authorization error occurs due to wrong access token being returned by the MSI endpoint when using a user-assigned managed identity with `ManagedIdentityCredential` ([PR #6134](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/6134))
```

Author: Thanks!
